add warning to hll/tdigest that the format is subject to change in the future (#1831)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/query/usinghlltdigest.md

The following examples show how to use `hll`/`tdigest` and demonstrate that using these commands is highly performant in some scenarios:

> > [!WARNING]
> > The precise binary representation of hll(), hll_merge(), tdigest() and tdigest_merge() results is undocumented and may change over time. There’s no guarantee that these functions return the same output for the same input, and one should not take a dependency on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> The precise binary representation of hll(), hll_if(), hll_merge(), tdigest(), and tdigest_merge() results may change over time. There's no guarantee that these functions will produce identical results for identical inputs, and therefore we don't advise relying on them.
```
